---
layout: post
title: Week 5 and 6
comments: true
permalink: /:title
image: ''
date:   2017-07-15 00:17:34
tags:
- GSoC
description: 'Week 5 and 6'
categories:
- GSoC
serie: learn


---
Hello, World!

More than 6 weeks have completed so far and I have completed modernizing and testing most of the modules of python-casacore till now. 

Coming to the bug, I talked about in my last post, by playing around a bit with the tables modules, I realized that, as  `tableiter`  is also a `table` itself, it needs to be closed before closing the actual table in which it was used. It ran fine with python2, So, I didn't know about it before. So, after closing the *tableiter* before *table*, the test ran perfectly fine.  In the process, I found out that, there were same problems as `tableiter` for `tablerow` and `tableindex`.  Hoping the same problem has happened with them, I used context manager to test *tablerow*,  to ensure that it automatically closes after the block ends. But it wasn't able to close. Again, It was happening only with python3.5 . 

I have finished writing the tests, for the `images` module. However `attrcreategroup` wasn't working. I wasn't able to create a group. Tammojan asked me to skip that part for now. Also, he cleared my doubt regarding creating *spectral coordinate*. Actually, I wasn't able to create a spectral coordinate as I was using a 2D image. For a 2D image, the two axes represent *Declination* and *Right Ascension* respectively. So, only direction coordinates can be obtained from it.  On the other hand for a 3D image, the 3rd axis represents "strokes". So, a *Stokes coordinate* and *Direction Coordinate* can be determined using it. Similarly, for a 4D image, the 4th axis represents *Frequency*. So, a "Spectral Coordinate", "Stokes Coordinate" and "Direction Coordinate" can be made using a 4D image.

Also, I have finished writing the tests for `fitting` module. I hadn't experienced any problem with it.

Next, I am aiming to complete `quanta` module and will try to maintain the OSX support for python-casacore with Travis.
